the EU is a failure one interest rate
one currency one tyranny there are
countless charts which will clearly
display for us the devastation of the EU
and the path of Destruction Left Behind
let's take a quick look into this
madness you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we will
cover some charts regarding Europe
regarding the EU let's begin right
away the ECB balance
sheet globally central banks have one
specific policy destroy the currency of
that Nation that's the policy it's not
to save it it is to destroy it look
financial crisis comes in and you see
very clearly an immediate impulse to
print a hell of a lot of money and
that's exactly what happened hockey
stick
upward then you have some you know
stagnation right
here and it seems to go up it comes back
down but the policy ultimately is the
direction upward very clear now the ECB
at this time holds
36% of Euro Zone
GDP that's how how much they
own the central banks around the world
whether it's the bank of
Japan whether it is the People's Bank of
China anywhere you will
see them taking over the assets they
call them toxic assets and to you and I
they're toxic but to those creating all
this currency it's just more
control because they can use it as a
mechanism to hold us hostage all of this
debt is in some way the new
wealth and it's going to snap our backs
one day they're going to use it against
us okay so that's the ECB balance sheet
and as I've said globally it's the same
policy yes they may slow down their
purchases at some point and I'll show
you that in a moment it it doesn't
matter I mean if one country Prince
today maybe another Prince
tomorrow look at this the ECB corporate
sector purchase
program another
policy that is just gone off the charts
up and up and up and they have to
continue to purchase more and more
because these companies are getting
themselves into worse and worse
conditions and
simultaneously isn't it so interesting
isn't it
coincidental that these corporations
control the world we seen it you see
Goldman Sachs and all the big boys
running all these governments all over
the
world and
they funnel the money from the Central
Bank perhaps it goes through the
Commercial Bank sometimes perhaps it
finds its way through
bailout doesn't matter it finds its way
into the hands of the big corporations
that is the purpose of a bailout it
isn't in fact to save or rescue a
corporation which has made some mistakes
that's like surface level when you look
at it specifically it is to hand over a
large sum of
money from you to
them moving
on the breakdown by country of risk so
you can see this here risk
analysis what we have and there's these
two charts but there's also two more
which I'll show you in a moment Spain
and Italy very Germany and France now
why Germany and France because they own
so much bad debt they know that it's
very
clear and what would happen if a country
like Spain or like Italy failed well you
wouldn't just have to worry about Spain
and Italy you would have to worry about
Germany you would have to worry about
France and globally all of the Nations
which have been buying up their debt
it's a big big problem and on the right
hand side breakdown B sector right in
the lead if you want to call it that is
utilities let's move on to a connected
chart number of bonds purchased by
country of risk and the number of bonds
purchased by sector again uh utilities
at the top here but you just have
basically the same thing and the number
of bonds being purchased
is really
astronomical the reason I say this and
use that term is because again should
these nations fail it isn't just those
Nations which have to worry that's why a
country like Germany starts sticking
their nose into other countries problems
because they realize hey wait a minute
if Italy starts failing and starts to
say we can't pay back we are going to
get royally screwed over and in fact
that's the direction it's heading so
that's why other countries tend to buy
up all that garbage debt cuz they think
that somehow this is going to be a
Saving Grace look we'll take those off
your hands for now pay us later but
ultimately it's all going to fail they
can't pay back it's literally
impossible and the those in the know
know that that is absolutely the case
now look if you want to buy some bonds
you can do so but you have to pretend
that you're going to buy less and less
and less as the years and the months go
on show that on your
charts and that's what's happening less
and less debt being purchased but when
you actually total up the amount that
they're purchasing I mean it's
incredible it's huge so whether they buy
10 bill million or 100 billion a month
it doesn't matter money is being
funneled from the individual to the
corporations it's the way it works
whether they do that through in
inflationary mechanisms whether they do
it directly through bailouts bailin
anything we're getting screwed over one
way or another and they can try to taper
this off but what is the next policy
because of course nothing nothing
nothing has been resolved very clear and
still we're being told that the economy
is getting
better we can't actually show that or
prove that but that's what is being told
to us lied to
us this is another one break down by
maturity break down by ratings number of
bonds purchased by maturity all I want
to get to with this is basically the
fact that should Any Nation in Europe go
bankrupt the ripple effect will be
immediate there is no denying that and
we need to realize that a lot of the
debt that's being purchased enough of
that debt is the lowest of low
quality and that is what is very
worrisome because it isn't that you know
tripa a high rated debt it is the junk
bonds which are being purchased you know
you want to be able to rescue a country
like Greece you're not going to be able
to purchase AAA debt that isn't what
they are selling they're selling off
garbage the risk is so high now of
course certain investors chase that
because of the Returns on that but
ultimately these nations are going
bankrupt and that is where every country
is headed if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs
thumbs up if you think this is you know
floating your boat instead then give me
a thumbs
down Angela
Merkel
wonderful if you found the video
informative I know you will find my book
The Money GPS even more informative so
if you want to look through the book you
can do so if you go over to Amazon they
have a look inside feat that's going to
allow you to flip through the pages of
the book and see if you like it take
care